## Product of Array Elements

- Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the product of all the elements.
  - Input Array: [2, 3, 4]
  - Output: 24

## Concatenation of Strings

- Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the concatenation of all the strings.
  - Input Array: ['hello', ' ', 'world']
  - Output: 'hello world'

## Difference between Maximum and Minimum

- Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the difference between the largest and smallest numbers.
  - Input Array: [10, 5, 20, 8]
  - Output: 15

## Longest String

- Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string.
  - Input Array: ['apple', 'banana', 'orange', 'kiwi']
  - Output: 'banana'

## Sum of Positive Numbers

- Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of only the positive numbers.
  - Input Array: [-2, 5, -8, 10, -3]
  - Output: 15

## First String Starting with Vowel

- Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the first string that starts with a vowel.
  - Input Array: ['apple', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'orange']
  - Output: 'apple'

## Array of Prime Numbers

- Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array with only the prime numbers.
  - Input Array: [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
  - Output: [2, 3, 5, 7]

## Strings Containing 'a'

- Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array with only the strings containing the letter 'a'.
  - Input Array: ['apple', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'orange']
  - Output: ['apple', 'banana', 'orange']

## Second Smallest Number

- Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the second smallest number.
  - Input Array: [5, 3, 8, 2, 10]
  - Output: 3

## Count of Strings with More than Three Vowels

- Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the count of strings containing more than three vowels.
  - Input Array: ['apple', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'orange']
  - Output: 2
 

let x = ['apple', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'orange', 'bourbon', 'lemon', 'ananas']



function fruitsWithMorethan3Vowels(arr){

let numberofFruits = 0;
const vowels = ["a", "e", "i", "o", "u"]

arr.forEach((fruit)=>{

let numberOfVowels = 0;

fruit.split("").forEach((letter)=>{
if(vowels.includes(letter)){
numberOfVowels = numberOfVowels +1
}
})

if(numberOfVowels>=3){
numberofFruits =numberofFruits+1
}
})

return numberofFruits

}
console.log(fruitsWithMorethan3Vowels(x))
